contributing.md: add note about extra coral device (#6071)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/development/contributing.md

- [Frigate source code](#frigate-core-web-and-docs)
- GNU make
- Docker

> - Because a Coral device only be used by a single process, extra Coral device (optional, but very helpful to simulate real world performance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An extra detector (coral, OpenVINO, etc.) is optional but recommended to simulate real world performance.

:::note

A Coral device can only be used by a single process at a time, so an extra Coral device is recommended if using a coral for development purposes.

:::
```

Reviewer: I think we can update this comment now that frigate supports other detectors and just add a note to the docs page about the coral process limit

Author: much better, thanks
